Running tests in test_array_header.pl...

test_array_header|test__array_header__before_first_state                                           | ok
test_array_header|test__array_header__first_state                                                  | ok
test_array_header|test__array_header__second_state                                                 | ok
test_array_header|test__array_header__between_second_and_third_state                               | ok
test_array_header|test__array_header__at_third_state                                               | ok
test_array_header|test__array_header__after_third_state                                            | ok

Running tests in test_array_states.pl...

test_array_states|test__final_array_state__only_state_is_final_state                               | ok
test_array_states|test__final_array_state__first_of_two_states_is_not_final                        | ok
test_array_states|test__final_array_state__second_of_two_states_is_final                           | ok
test_array_states|test__final_array_state__second_to_last_of_six_states_is_not_final               | ok
test_array_states|test__final_array_state__last_of_six_states_is_final                             | ok

Running tests in test_array_views.pl...

test_array_views|test_first_column                                                                | ok
test_array_views|test_atom_concat                                                                 | ok

Running tests in test_column_index.pl...

test_column_index|test__column_index__first_column_at_first_state                                  | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__second_column_at_first_state                                 | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__third_column_at_first_state                                  | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__first_column_at_second_state                                 | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__second_column_at_second_state                                | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__third_column_at_second_state                                 | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__first_column_between_second_and_third_state                  | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__second_column_beteween_second_and_third_state                | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__third_column_beteween_second_and_third_state                 | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__first_column_at_third_state                                  | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__second_column_at_third_state                                 | ok
test_column_index|test__column_index__third_column_at_third_state                                  | ok

Running tests in test_column_order.pl...

test_column_order|test__first_column__before_first_state                                           | ok
test_column_order|test__first_column__at_first_state                                               | ok
test_column_order|test__first_column__at_second_state                                              | ok
test_column_order|test__first_column__between_second_and_third_state                               | ok
test_column_order|test__first_column__at_third_state                                               | ok
test_column_order|test__first_column__after_final_state                                            | ok
test_column_order|test__last_column__before_first_state                                            | ok
test_column_order|test__last_column__at_first_state                                                | ok
test_column_order|test__last_column__at_second_state                                               | ok
test_column_order|test__last_column__between_second_and_third_state                                | ok
test_column_order|test__last_column__at_third_state                                                | ok
test_column_order|test__last_column__after_final_state                                             | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__first_state_left_column                         | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__first_state_middle_column                       | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__first_state_right_column                        | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__second_state_left_column                        | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__second_state_middle_column                      | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__second_state_right_column                       | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__second_state_left_column                        | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__second_state_middle_column                      | ok
test_column_order|test__schema_of_previous_column__second_state_right_column                       | ok

Running tests in test_column_schema_at_state.pl...

test_column_schema_at_state|test__next_column_schema_at_or_before_state__state_precedes_schemas              | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__next_column_schema_at_or_before_state__schema_at_state                     | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__next_column_schema_at_or_before_state__next_schema_at_state                | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__next_column_schema_at_or_before_state__next_column_schema_precedes_state   | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__next_column_schema_at_or_before_state__no_schema_after_state               | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_schema_at_state__at_state_before_first_column_schema                | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_schema_at_state__at_first_column_schema_state                       | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_schema_at_state___between_first_two_column_schema_states            | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_schema_at_state___at_second_column_schema_state                     | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_schema_at_state___at_state_after_last_column_schema                 | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_name__at_state_before_first_column_schema                           | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_name__at_first_column_schema_state                                  | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_name__between_first_two_column_schema_states                        | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_name__at_second_column_schema_state                                 | ok
test_column_schema_at_state|test__column_name__at_state_after_last_column_schema                             | ok

